i
and tomorrow officially Friday starts
the weekend and eye because a
great game and a game that will give you
lots of hours of fun and
truth is that this title is beautiful
it's addictive I can assure you and I'm
talking about this kirby and the brush
rainbow what we see is the trailer of the
launch of this title that publishes
tomorrow nintendo for everyone
in this trailer the company wants
show practically three minutes of
duration of playable sequences
what allows us good then to make us
an idea of ​​all the characteristics
who has this kirby the brush
rainbow the peculiar gameplay that
has the transformations of Kirby the
Use of friends or graphic sections
your extras or your multiplayer mode
certainly the title will have a
playability very similar to what is seen in
Kirby the brush of power an adventure
that was originally released on nintendo
ds in which we had to guide the
character drawing lines since there was
lost his legs and his arms this
next friday same morning is thrown from
official way is Kirby and the brush
rainbow
you already know that you have had it here in
exclusive on this channel in preview
during this week and you can see the
direct kirby and the rainbow brush and
many more games on my secondary channel
where I do the direct guys and girls
I take advantage and announce it I leave the link
of that secondary channel in the
description of this video so that you
subscribe because every time you make a
direct is where the jump is going to
notice about everything and well then if you want
follow me also live there what
you have also I will ask questions and
answers and many more things
I also take advantage while we see this
spectacular trailer of Kirby and the
Rainbow brush good spectacular no
because the milk is graphically because
Well, it's simple, it's simple, but it's
nice to is a world 5 site of
plasticine the truth is that it is very
cool the gameplay of this game by
true, I liked it a lot
although it is true that the
television is useless or is it
better than turning off the TV and playing
directly on the gamepad unless
you play with others with friends is worth in mode
multiplayer in which obviously the
TV screen is necessary but
good
there you have a gameplay with the
I recommend you also put a touch
protector to the screen because if you do not
you're going to end up scratching because it's
continuously with the pencil touching the
touch panel of the wii or gamepad no and
I do not want to finish the news the trailer
without telling you that I'm going to post
surely this weekend is a
special kill bill of the history of
kirby of all the kirby games a
documentary on the occasion of the launch of
this xvii the rainbow brush is worth but
the documentary will cover all the
games of the whole history of Kirby and
so we'll know how this was born
character and what are the big ones
curiosities that all the games had
they have been successful or not there
had you can see it here on the channel
so I hope you see him guys and
girls and I leave you there watching that kill
bill and the rainbow brush that piece of
game that you can enjoy tomorrow